hey you guys what's up and welcome back
to the small lettuce channel i have a
highly requested video today on my top
leggings and fitness wear for petite
women
i'm gonna keep it super easy for you
guys and give you my top three
all-time favorites that i wear the most
out of my closet
i'll do some honorable mentions as well
but i made sure i checked ahead of time
make sure these were available right now
so you guys can go
grab them and i do not have affiliate
links for any of them so these are my
pure
true honest opinions and uh
let's get into it okay you guys we're
gonna start with the one that
is going to surprise none of you and we
will go
we'll end with the one that is my top
favorite but coming in third place
would be the lululemon align this is
specific to petite women remember
the reason why i'm saying the alliance
are because first of all
they're a classic how can we forget and
second of all they do come in different
lengths so i'm
most concerned about sorry you guys
there might be some cards in the
background
i'm most concerned about the length of
the leggings because
that is the most important thing when it
comes to being short girl is just
not having to get things not having to
spend extra money after you already
purchased a product to go and get a
tailor-made so what i love about the
alliance is that you can get them
for you get them the 25-inch fits me
perfectly i like
my leggings to be um like a little bit
above the ankle
and the 25 inch fits just to there i
don't like a crop
i feel like it shortens my legs and the
full length which i believe are
28 inches i could be wrong about that
they are way too long so the 25
inch is great and if you do not know the
alliance
where you've been girl they are a
classic
classic legging material i feel like
they set the standard for so
so what we all compare leggings to we're
like well how does it
size up the lines right because they're
super soft like a cloud
they're very stretchy and they're good
mostly for lighter activities i do not
run
in my lines sometimes i lift in them but
because my thighs touch my lines do pill
after i wear them for a long time so i
try to just use them for
lifting or just light activity lounging
not you know hit sessions running or
cycling because they just aren't really
great for that so
this would be my all-around fave
for for petite women due to the length
and the fit and the comfort okay in
second place
is gymshark seamless collection
this is a classic i have these in a lot
of different colors
i find that they are the best
for any kind of training you can wear
them to the airport
which is not training you can work out
in them you can do a hit session you can
cycle you can run you can lounge like
they're just
they're perfect in every way and i love
them they come in a lot of colors and
jim shark
knows that they are popular and has kept
them in stock in a variety of colors for
a long time
and they release updates to the seamless
line every now and then with kind of
different
designs or features but they're still
the same thing what i love about these
is that
most gym chart lighting leggings i would
say their most popular collections
i do not ever get hemmed and they fit me
perfectly by the way on 5-1
i'll put my measurements in the
description below so you can see
and compare to your own and see if
they'll fit
i'm filming outside today because i'm
visiting my parents they recently
relocated to
pittsburgh and they live in this
renovated loft and the patio is
beautiful so i thought i'd fell out here
but then i did not think about
[Applause]
said planes okay
okay other things that make this great
waistband is super snatched it's gonna
make you feel
all sucked in it's gonna feel great it's
compressed
so you just i just like i just you know
you just feel like everything's being
kept together
which i appreciate and um it's good
support i
have no i don't have big boobs but the
bras are pretty supportive
um and i they last a really long time so
i should say i've had this black
seamless set for maybe three years the
logos are still on they have not peeled
off which is a problem with other brands
there's another logo up here it's still
good
and the logo on the back here is small
that one has
a little bit has gone off but for the
most part you can't tell so they fit
well they fit short women well
and they're very stretchy which is why i
think you don't have to get them hemmed
on taller women they just stretch out
and not shorter women the actual length
is just pretty short so they just fit us
without being stretched too much so that
would be gymshark seamless in
second place okay and coming in first
place
is outdoor voices three-fourths
length tech sweat leggings
which you guys have seen me wear on my
instagram all the time like literally
all the time
so the tech sweat is great it is
absolutely the perfect length out of
better than chip shark better than
blue lemon aligns the perfect length
they have
new seasonal colors they just launch and
now i'm gonna have to go buy some
because
i went and looked and they're there and
they look amazing and it's a very sweat
wicking material it's much thinner than
those two
almost feels like a second skin but not
in the way a line does it's not as soft
but it's very thin
it's very stretchy it moves with you i
love wearing it for cardio i also lift
it i do
i lift in it as well it has a nice
waistband that's pretty tight and
compressive and it has really subtle
lines on the butt which i like
and the sides of the legs
it's very contouring in a subtle way and
it looks great on
and of course the length is what we're
talking about here today and the length
is
nailed it especially because you can get
a three-fourths crop
it's not a full crop it's not a capri
but it's just cropped enough i also like
their sports bras that match i generally
love buying matching tops and bottoms
just like monochromatic
because i it's easier work out a lot
obviously i don't
have to think about pairing things i
just want to put something on and go
like a kind of like a uniform
so this would be my number one choice
lastly i did want to do some honorable
mentions
i will say that right now i'm wearing
women's best
i do like their leggings they fit very
similarly to jim shark seamless
at a lower price point but they are
longer
and they do bunch at the bottom so
they're not super great for petite women
but they are a little bit cheaper they
do more
often more frequent sales their stock is
usually in
you know actually in stock most of the
time unlike gym shark which sometimes
is out of stock for forever um
but they're a little bit longer but if
you got them hemmed unfortunately we
don't want to get them ham but if we did
they would be a lot like the gym sharks
and another
pair of leggings that i have been loving
lately i just bought these for a photo
shoot that i had last week if you follow
me on instagram you saw a picture of me
in them
the all access from bandier i will say
they are on the longer side they still
fit me without looking
silly or bunching but they're longer but
i just i just think that this material
it's very thick
it's very compressive and i love the
reflectiveness
this material i'm just loving it right
now and they have a bunch
in a bunch of different colors they have
crops they have um
full length and they just release their
seasonal line to the fall collection so
i am just loving this recently so i
thought i would give it a little shout
out because
it's got me feeling so there you have it
those are my
top three all-star favorite
leggings for petite women to train in to
work out in
hope you guys liked it let me know in
the comments below what your favorite
leggings are to train in as a petite
hopefully we can make like a running
list for other petite women who come
here and see this
and figure out what other leggings are
awesome to buy
for petite and short women if you like
this video please give it a like and
subscribe for
more content tailored to petite women
all of my videos are about
health and fitness for the short girl
gang so
come for more content related to petite
women and i will see you guys next week
bye
[Music]
you